This tens of billions of orders is a thank you gift to him.
Tens of billions of orders are actually given to me
This sky-breaking wealth came too suddenly
Mr. Su, you have to think twice.
Xia Meng doesn't understand the operation of the company at all
You gave him this 10 billion order.
It's just a waste of time
Float, float
A mere ten billion
My Su family can afford it
If you hadn't kicked Xia Meng out of the company
This tens of billions of orders belongs to Xia Group
It's just that you made the worst decision of your life
Offended the person who should not be offended the most
Please come back
I'm going to rest.
Mr. Li, Mr. Xia
The god ran away
Our company lost tens of billions of orders
It's out now.
Our company's stock has fallen sharply now
Is on the verge of bankruptcy
What? What?
Let me see.
That's about the value of our company.
At first
The shares bought from Xia Meng for 200 million yuan
It's not even worth 1 million now
Mr. Xia, Mr. Xia
What did you just do?
Didn't I just want to see Li Yangchen?
So I pretended to go to the toilet
Okay, let's go
Stop for me